What is this?
Someone is going to be promoted to senior partner wow
So envious
Everyone be quiet
What we have here is a nominal questionnaire.
The new senior partner of our law firm will be announced soon
This vote in our hands is very crucial
Everyone must take it seriously
Bet on the person you think is most deserving
3 candidates can only vote for one
Anyway, we're here to make up the denominator
Sweet? Who do you choose?
Everyone stop licking
I have a question for you.
What's an intern doing?
I remember that lawyer Tang Jian's name should be on the list
There's no mistake here.
Let's not stop making mistakes.
Listen to you or listen to me
Who listens to whom?
You, an intern, are not even eligible to vote
Do you understand the rules?
We are a law firm
It's the most disciplined place
So ask
What is the problem with lawyer Tang Jian that does not appear on this list?
Don't bring this up until it's explained clearly
Ha ha.
I've seen it
It is rumored on the Internet that the post-00 generation will rectify the workplace
That's how it was rectified
But can I explain it to you?
I demand an explanation
Afterlife is scary.
Amazing young people